Expose deletion of AM config via /multitenant_alertmanager/delete_tenant_config (#3900)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/api/_index.md

_Requires [authentication](#authentication)._

> ### Alertmanager Delete Tenant Configuration

Reviewer: Please link it in the table at the beginning of this doc.

```
POST /multitenant_alertmanager/delete_tenant_config
```

> This endpoint deletes configuration for tenant identified by `X-Scope-OrgID` header.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This endpoint deletes configuration for a tenant identified by `X-Scope-OrgID` header.
```

> This is internal endpoint, available even if Alertmanager API is not enabled by using `-experimental.alertmanager.enable-api`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is internal, available even if Alertmanager API is not enabled by using `-experimental.alertmanager.enable-api`.
```

> Endpoint returns 200 if user's configuration has been deleted, or it didn't exist in the first place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The endpoint returns a status code of `200` if the user's configuration has been deleted, or it didn't exist in the first place.
```
